How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
This time-saving method identifies the lines with changes; therefore, it smoothens process of the cumbersome research for the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
This privilage is not only helping a programmer to implement new ideas to their programs, but also it saves significant amount of time when the mistakes may be made.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros: You can save after a logical change in other words you can decide on the time and size of the change. The saved version may not be ended in the middle of coding. 

Cons: You may forget the timing of save or you may encounter with technical problems i.e. electrical breakdown; so you will lose your work.
You need to get this habit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
I believe that they all address their purposes. Users of Git highly require to save multiple files at once.
While most of the Google Docs, user do not. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Git log command shows the ID, author, date and messages; while, the git diff command shows the differences between two IDs.
Git log is for looking at the big picture; while git diff is for understanding the changes in more detail.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
You always have a chance to go back to your previous versions or the lastest one. 
Therefore, there is no need to be afraid to make new changes. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Why do not we start to make a new project ? 
Or I can check the versions of the applications on my computer.


